Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
In the final years of the Sui dynasty.
power corrupts. the people suffered.
and discontent spread across the empire.
From the chaos emerged Zhishilang.
who founded the Flower Rebellion.
He vowed to sweep away the haze...
and restore the light.
The Emperor sent ministers to the
far reaches of the Silk Road.
To capture Zhishilang
the most wanted man in the Empire
The Mo Clan and the Heiyi Clan
led the Five Great Western Clans
Along with swordsmen. rangers.
and Tokharian mercenaries-
all fight for power and
control of the desert land.
Pressure builds... waiting for a spark.
A dog barks in the alley ways
A rooster crows atop the mulberry trees
A courtyard stands in calm. laid bare.
The empty room has space to spare.
"Bounty Hunter - Dao Ma Xiao Qi"
I've...
I've long
I've long...
I've longed lived...
The cage part
I've long lived in a cage of care.
Now I return to open air.
Don't look.
"Chisha Town"
Another drink!
Uncle. will you treat me to a steak?
My name is Dao Ma.
Remember it if you
can. forget it if you wish
Names are not important
The lives you took. the trouble you caused
That's all in the past
What matters is that
The price on your head
is eight hundred coins
"Eegghead - Thunder Gang"
But if you pay me triple that price
I'll pretend we never met
Kill him!
Grab your weapons!
One
Two
Three
Four
Five
Six
Eight
How is it eight after six?
Seven is me!
We tracked that bounty for two months
Just to lose to that guy!
Sir. this way please.
Try these
Is that swordsman your father?
Why do you call him by his name?
Got any more?
Answer me first.
Mmm... I'll tell you later.
Have you seen this man?
I haven't.
If you see him. let me know.
The reward's enough to open a second inn.
I pray to the goddess Guanyin
To bring this wretch
to my inn.
Captain Lin!
Captain Lin.
You didn't need to come all the way here.
I've got just enough for another payment
I was just about to bring it to you.
I wasn't expecting you. to come personally.
I'll deal with you later.
My back hurts...
What a coward.
Why must I have a father like him.
Alai! Don't talk about
your father like that.
The keeper of this sword.
Requests your company
"Chang Guiren Residence"
- "Lord Chang - Imperial Legate"
- For my achievements
In the battle against the Turks
The late Emperor bestowed this
Armor-Piercing Blade.
After searching for years
I've found its original scabbard
I've personally adorned it with lazurite
This is a sword fit for a great swordsman
Isn't it wonderful?
A gift for me?
It is a good sword.
But does an instrument of death
need to be so beautiful?
How about I trade it for gold?
A have a team of thirty-three marksmen
Undefeated in long range battle
But their weakness is close combat
What they need... is a master instructor.
With your great talent...
Why not join us?
Instead of being a
mercenary. become a general.
I've done my time in that system.
I know how it really works.
Let's just say I'm not
cut out for that line of work.
Could a former Left Valiant Cavalry guard
fall so low to risk his life..
For a measly eight hundred
coin bounty? Dao ma
You recognize me.
When you're collecting bounties
You are a bounty hunter
But the rest of the time
You are just another bandit.
Like me.
I've governed this town for thirty years.
Bandits think I am the law.
The law sees me as another bandit.
Fools act like they have power.
The great dragons know
how to conceal their power.
The winds might change.
but we stand undefeated.
This is something
Only people like you and me can understand.
I am not young anymore.
This town is even out of
reach of the Jade Emperor.
It can all be yours.
You may find everything
you've been seeking.
What have I been seeking?
Time's up innkeeper!
This inn is being seized
to recoup outstanding taxes.
Captain Lin!
I just need a little
more time. Captain Lin.
Please allow me to see Lord Chang.
Please spare our lives!
Let her go. scumbag!
Alai!
If I could just have a few words with him.
I beg you!
Please spare us.
Why aren't you doing anything?
Be quiet.
Come on. Go to sleep.
Shhh...
Let me go!
Lock them up!
Send the men to build the Great Wall.
Please don't.
And you can serve
as entertainment in the barracks!
You're...
The Double-Headed Snake?
"Double-Headed Snake"
You can beat me...
You can humiliate me.
But you cross the line
when you hurt my family!
Go!
Father!
My dear!
I never thought this little town
would have the honor
to host so many talented swordsmen.
Time for us to leave.
Xiao Qi. let's go.
Brother Alai gave it to me.
Father!
Lord Chang!
My dear!
Father!
Lord Chang wants to rob me
of this meager bounty?
Swordsman!
Swordsman! Please save my father!
There is no Swordsman here.
Today. I'm a bounty hunter.
I came here to kill your father.
I don't believe it.
A guard of the Left Valiant Cavalry...
could never be so foolish.
The Right Valiant Cavalry thought so too.
You may have a room full of treasures.
But I like this plain sword.
What a pity.
Just another fool.
We can fight our way out.
My head is worth eight thousand coin.
It's all yours.
Only if you live.
You're only worth two thousand dead.
His moves are too quick.
Don't they call you Double Headed Snake?
Years of hiding in peace
have dulled your skills.
My dear!
Father!
Dao Ma!
Your skills are lacking.
Father...
Alai!
End him now!
Father...
I'm sorry
Lady Innkeeper. Checking out.
The man I'm looking for...
perhaps died long ago.
Light the beacon!
The governor's been murdered!
Don't let him get away
Shoot!
Ayuya!
- "Ayuya - Young Master of the Mo"
- Mojia Village is a place of order
Those who draw blades here...
Are punished by death.
- "Diao Dahu - Captain of the Imperial
Marksmen" - I don't care who you are.
You pack of hens! Out of our way!
- "Yuchi Ani - Captain of The Mo Guard"
- Watch your mouth!
Ah... my face...
"The Mojia Village"
Shang Yang Tai! Best seats guaranteed!
Fine wine and beautiful dancers!
Misha! I'm back!
Want a Mohele doll. Xiao Qi?
Two coins for one.
Misha. Two coins for two right?
You're so bossy...
How will you ever find a husband?
Thanks. big sister!
You are the prettiest in all the Silk Road.
Where did you learn
to sweet talk like that?
We're having steak tonight!
Sounds good to me!
Let's go eat.
Dao Ma.
Do children in Chang'an
play with dolls as well?
So. I heard...
that during festivals in Chang'An...
women can stay out all night.
Is that true?
What's Chang'an like?
Kiddo...
I've been away too long.
I can't remember.
Let's go.
Xiao qi.
Let's get going.
Come along.
Go. Go. Go.
Let's go hunt a tiger.
We're here!
WE'RE HERE!
Come.
Quick!
Pack up!
How long are we hiding this time?
Three months. at least.
Maybe longer.
Maybe two years.
Is it serious?
Better bring this then.
Bring your poetry scrolls.
Your poetry recitation is a mess.
The poets will haunt us.
Do I have to?
Try it again.
Where do you think you're going?
It's you. old timer.
When did you get here?
I'm almost paid off.
I'll wait for things to
settle then pay the rest.
"Chief Mo - Chief of Mo Clan. the Western"
Early this morning...
An urgent bounty went out to every village.
They're coming for you.
The bounty is... thirty thousand coin.
You're not the type
who'd sell out a friend.
Besides.
I've been under your protection for years.
I'll never forget it.
Here. I drink to you.
Since you'll never forget...
I need you to transport a package.
Where to?
Help me escort someone to Chang'an.
Chang'an? Are you out of your mind?
What are you scared of?
I've caused enough trouble.
I'd rather live a few more years.
I am wanted in Chang'an.
Do you need the number
one fugitive for this?
Y- You're insane!
Compared to the person you'll escort.
You are only the world's
number two fugitive.
He is the leader of Flower Rebellion.
Lord Zhishilang.
Zhishilang?
Sounds like a know-it-all.
You're the kind of man.
who only sees money.
You don't see the big picture.
You see. Lord Zhishilang...
Is a great scholar who carries
the world in his heart.
Great scholar. huh?
What did he do?
Nothing more than
advocate for the helpless.
Brother Dao Ma.
Why not do it for the good of the people?
What the hell do I care
about common people?
Sure
You could choose to run forever.
But have you thought about him?
Your debts will be wiped clean.
Take this gold for expenses.
We are brothers.
We don't need to talk like this.
For the good of the people. right?
Gentle sir.
"Zhi Shi Lang - Leader
of the Flower Rebellion"
This is the swordsman I spoke of. Dao Ma.
What is up with that look?
What?
Can't show your face?
I hope it's not too much trouble.
Let's lay down some rules.
I'm call the shots.
You're just the cargo.
On the road you listen to me.
If you get hurt or killed...
That's not on me.
Understood?
Ata!
Dao Ma.
You're going to Chang'an too?
What a coincidence!
What is she talking about?
What's the matter?
What's wrong?
That's enough. Go on.
What is it?
She's been wanting to
see Chang'an for years.
You know how she is.
Since she's no longer engaged.
Take her along to broaden her horizons.
Come on. Are you thinking straight?
This isn't a sightseeing trip.
And you're saddling me
with these two deadweights?
Who's a deadweight?
If it wasn't for me yesterday
You'd be porcupine full of arrows.
Are you afraid? Let's make a wager.
See who gets to Chang'an first!
You should get going.
Listen. Keep a low profile.
Don't cause trouble.
When you come back.
Let's have another drink.
Take care.
Go!
On the fourth day of the fourth month
as peach blossoms bloom.
Zhishilang will rally
warriors from across
the realm to battle the
corruption in the Sui.
The Emperor issued twelve
Iron Blood Decrees for his capture.
Pei Shiju and his troops have been
deployed to the Western Silk Road.
The Five Great Clans will fracture.
You must reach Dragon Scale Crossing
in three days.
An old friend of mine will meet you there.
Every bounty hunter
will be looking for you.
Remember.
Be careful.
"Red Gorge Pass"
Something doesn't feel quite right here.
Are all swordsmen so skittish?
Relax. Father already made arrangements.
Thank you.
"Chen Shijiu - Imperial Garrison Chief"
It's hot enough to make a dog sweat.
aren't you afraid of
heatstroke dressed like that??
Show your face.
Can you believe they sold me a leper?
I'm going to get my money back.
We don't want to get
you sick. It's contagious.
Chief Mo is my father.
Thank you for your help.
All soldiers should be more like you.
The Sui would rule the four seas.
I must owe your family
a favor from a past life.
Fine.
Pass.
Come on
- "Vice General Yin - Imperial
Cavalry Commandant" - It is Zhishilang.
General Pei will be delighted to meet you.
It really is Zhishilang.
Arrest him!
Bring him back to the camp!
As for his companions Kill them.
I am disciple of the Flower Rebellion.
Chen Shijiu.
At your service.
Please rise.
No need to kneel.
We are all equals.
Now that I have seen you in person
I can die in peace.
Sir.
I have just one question.
Will there ever be a day
when the world will be covered in blossoms?
We serve the cause.
We greet death without fear
The flowers will bloom.
They're coming!
Go. I'll stay behind.
We meet in the fourth month.
Go!
Quick. Get the horses.
Close the Gates!
Come on!
Those men took Lord Chang to
Zhangye for treatment.
We should leave while it's quiet.
Where else can we go?
Dao Ma said with this
We can get help in Mojia Village.
"Di Ting - Former Left
Valiant Cavalry Guard"
Could I trouble you for a drink of water.
Madam Innkeeper.
When did this outsider leave?
"Kui Zhi - Former Left
Valiant Cavalry Guard"
Are you a swordsman too?
I met a swordsman before.
He looks like you.
You vermin are still here?
Did you mean us or you?
Arrest everyone in here!
I will avenge Lord Chang.
Dao Ma.
Do you know him?
I once did.
He's the greatest swordsman I've ever seen.
You must be one too.
What would happen if you meet again?
Maybe I will
Watch him draw his last breath
You should have told me
That General Chen was on our side.
Sir.
Up until now we only
had to deal with officials.
Up ahead there will
all sorts of characters.
This valley narrows into a funnel.
If there's an ambush...
I'll turn them into kebabs.
Zhishilang has the support of the people
Father has a plan for us.
Plus you and me working together.
A thousand armies can't stop us.
Chief Chen is dead by now.
What?
Ani. you two go around.
Kiddo? Come with me.
Hold tight.
"Marksmen"
Sir!
"Jianghu Bounty Hunters"
That's the most wanted fugitive Zhishilang!
- "One-eye swordsman"
- Worth a hundred thousand!
Get him! Seize him!
Sir! Wake up! Wake up Sir!
That one!
Focus on the prize! Zhishilang!
Don't let those cowards steal him!
The bounty is a hundred thousand coins!
I'm Dao Ma!
You know me right?
I killed your boss. Lord Chang.
Guess there's no glory in catching
the second most wanted fugitive.
Follow them
Deadweight
Put this on.
Tighten it.
Okay.
Wear this!
What is this for?
For protection.
Run Xiao Qi!
He's mine!
You wish!
Let go!
You let go!
Here.
Hey dummy!
You okay?
Sir!
You have to get up. sir!
I can't get up...
My butt is broken
and my body is weak!
Get on the horse. Sir!
No more riding. I can't ride anymore.
A stagecoach!
There's a stagecoach!
Zhishilang shouldn't ride horses.
Zhishilang wants to ride in a stagecoach!
- Zhishilang wants to ride in a stagecoach!
- Wait!
Zhishilang wants to ride in a stagecoach!
He's special. that's for sure.
Could we hitch a ride?
- "Yan Ziniang"
- A bounty hunter?
Clearly.
So are you.
I don't need a ride anymore.
I like riding horses.
Zhishilang? Of the Flower Rebellion?
Let's lay down some ground rules.
This is my prisoner.
Is that so?
See? Other prisoners don't need shackles.
Let me go! Let me go. Dao Ma!
Be quiet.
See?
Other prisoners are obedient.
Transporting the most wanted fugitive.
With his wife and child.
That's a first. I'll tell you that.
A wandering swordsman
with an imperial blade.
That's a first for me too.
Have you heard?
There was a young swordsman that left
a bathhouse in Jiangdu filled with blood.
Apparently. he's not the
type to leave loose ends.
I've heard whispers...
of a mysterious old bounty hunter
who keeps to himself.
For him
Everything has a price. Anything at all.
So what has this man done lately?
How much do you know?
In order to catch her.
I wandered the Quicksands
Canyon for a fortnight.
I just got out.
Do you have anything to tell me?
No.
I have an idea.
Young master.
you're clearly not the romantic type.
Why not trade me to this
rich and passionate man?
Wouldn't everyone be happy?
Sweet brother.
I'm Yan Ziniang from the South.
I've trained in the soft arts since young.
I know how to do things
you've never dreamed of.
Untie me and give it a try.
Don't worry sister.
I don't want to replace you.
I can serve the both of together.
I won't disappoint you.
For shame!
How about it?
Come broaden your horizons.
What's wrong with you?
Ow!
What the hell!
What was that for?
"Sui Imperial Barracks"
We should have brought more men with us.
"Heyi Xuan - Chief of the
Heyi Clan. the Western"
The best for last.
I've been waiting for you. father-in-law.
Young Master Heyi. where shall we begin?
The engagement is voided.
Our humble family is unworthy of you.
You must be upset with me.
At my age. I haven't achieved much.
I've let down you and my father.
When I was young. a witch read my future.
She said
One day I will wearing a beautiful crown.
And my beloved will adorn
the crown with feathers.
By the way. where is Ayuya?
My fellow leaders.
What is the plan for the meeting?
Our five clans are united as one.
We will follow your lead.
- "Pei Xingyan - Vice
General of The Soaring Eagle"
- My uncle. Minister Pei.
drew this map himself.
It is his life's work.
He often reminds me
Without the support of the five clans
This map would not exist.
Young general.
You've called us here.
What are your orders?
His majesty the emperor will survey
the development along the Silk Road
This could be a blessing
for the Western clans.
Yet the outlaw Zhishilang
undermines our efforts.
It appears he takes
refuge in your territories.
Put it this way.
If Zhishilang cannot be captured.
Everyone here including myself
may find themselves
separated from their heads.
I have a suggestion.
Since this is a pressing matter.
We are all here.
Let's use this
opportunity to clear the air.
No one leaves until
everyone vows to capture Zhishilang.
If we can weed out his accomplices.
He cannot escape.
This solution would please his Majesty.
May the five states come together one day
and form one tribute state.
Like the great state of Tuyuhun.
How majestic that would be.
Majestic...
So majestic...
If I refuse.
Will your uncle use the great Sui Army
to flatten our little Mojia Village?
Uncle says...
A thousand soldiers serve
at the frontier boundaries.
I may use them as I see fit.
General Pei.
No need to be upset.
I hear Zhishilang walks free
with the help of an outlaw named Dao Ma
I've forged an alliance
with a group of skilled mercenaries
With their help
we can take on even ten
swordsmen like Dao Ma
Enter!
- "Arahant - Leader of
the Tokharian Mercenaries"
- The leader of the
Tokharian Mercenaries
Arahant
These men bring bad luck.
I have other affairs to attend to.
Aren't you coming?
Think clearly father!
How can we side against the Great Sui?
He's right father. Have a seat.
Tell Ayuya...
Her husband misses her.
STOP!
"Master Fengsan"
Dao Ma. you won't get away!
Young Miss. are you okay?
What are you doing?
Take it easy.
Don't be afraid.
I'm not afraid.
That will teach you to mess with me.
Rot in Hell!
Come.
What've you done?
Hey Old man...
You'd kill your own brother for a bounty?
If my own father stood in my way.
I'd kill him too!
Be the bigger man. Dao Ma!
Spare my life please.
I'll turn over a new leaf.
I swear... I'll never bother you again!
- Scram.
- Thank you
You're the...
- "Shu - The Jade Faced Ghost"
- Jade-Faced Ghost... Shu
The woods grow thin. the stream runs dry;
A lone peak rises before the eye.
Malih. Notify our people.
A storm is coming.
Disband the clan.
The women and children...
must leave the village..
Close the gates. Exit only. No entry.
Those not afraid to die may stay.
This will be Mojia Clan's last stand.
We let that piece of trash get away!
Do you know who that
sleazebag Dao Ma actually is?
Seems like he and Chief Mo...
have some kinda deal.
That's not all...
He's wanted for deserting
the Left Valiant Cavalry.
What unit is that?
Never heard of it!
You're a dirty thief.
you don't know anything.
Those are the Great
Sui's deadliest warriors.
Back in the battle that
brought down the Chen State.
they slaughtered everyone.
Young and old. They even killed the dogs.
Back in Jiangnan...
If the kids heard that name..
Guess what?
They'd shut up and find a place to hide!
According to you then...
A Left Valiant Cavalry is
some sort of super hero?
Hell No!
They're just dogs!
They're just stupid dogs
guarding rich courtyards.
They've got no balls!
Toothless dogs.
I'm telling you guys!
I don't give a crap about
anything those guys have done..
If just one of them tries to mess with me.
Guess what?
I'll kill them all!
I managed to convince the elders to leave.
The rest refuse to go.
They say if you stay. they'll stay.
The Lai. the Yuji. and the Peiwu Clans
have all allied with Heyi Xuan.
My archers are positioned in the gorge.
Aruhant and Tokharian
Riders are heading this way.
"Dark Ox Flats"
The wheel's stuck.
Get out and push.
Shu.
Are you sure this is the right way?
Those bounty hunters slowed us down a lot.
In order to reach the Desert Forest
by nightfall tomorrow
We have to cut across the Dark Ox Flats.
What's so funny?
All men are the same.
The more they want something
The less they're willing to ask for it.
What's this?
That's oil!
Watch it!
You bastard!
If you want to kill him. just kill him!
You almost killed me. you idiot!
Then how will you cash in?
Fugitives are all the same to me
Number one fugitive Zhishilang
Followed by Dao Ma.
If I turn in both of you
I become the world's greatest swordsman.
Do it!
Jade-Faced Ghost. becomes
the Grey-Faced Ghost.
Father-In-Law.
I'm here...
to claim my bride.
"Auntie Yuchi -
Northern Zhou Scion of the House of Yuchi"
Auntie!
Ani!
Let me look at you.
Break it.
I am Auntie's guest!
This one first
Then this one
And then...
Here...
Hurry and swing your big hammer.
I can't wait all day.
You're like the grim
reaper hovering over me.
You're constantly following me you pervert!
I'm done playing!
In the third year of Kaihuang Emperor
My family was slaughtered.
I refused to be a prisoner.
So holding Ani. who
my brother left behind...
Along with the other artisans...
We ran until we could run no more.
Fortunately. we met Chief Mo.
These lives of ours...
Were saved by him.
One. Two. Three.
Four. Five. Six.
Seven. Seven. Seven.
Seven is me.
"Yongning Imperial Palace
Five years ago"
Let's find mommy
Brother!
Is that the music they
listen to in Chang'an?
It sounds like a sad song.
Got anything else?
Why is it people from Chang'an
never talk about the city?
Isn't Chang'an the
grandest city in the world?
If I never get to visit
Then this life would
have been lived in vain!
These desert poplar are grand.
But what does that matter to the
critters beneath the rocks?
Don't pretend to be miserable.
Father told me
You used to in the Left
Valiant Cavalry Guard
Power over life and death.
Very impressive.
Is that impressive?
When your loved ones die in front of you.
and you can do nothing...
Have you ever experienced that feeling?
Do you mean...
Xiao Qi's mother?
You are a skilled swordsman.
Why don't you avenge your sister?
Instead you hide in our village.
Lowering yourself...
To be a lowly bounty hunter.
A swift blade can't guarantee justice
Do you think being a
bounty hunter is lowly?
I think it's pretty good.
I make a decent living.
Eat when I want.
Sleep when I want.
Work when I want.
If I don't want to...
They can all piss off.
Not even the gods control me.
Fair.
Father annoys me though.
He's so controlling.
If I hadn't begged him...
He wouldn't have let me go to Chang'an.
What's so funny?
Look kiddo.
Speaking of your father
He can be annoying.
However.
when it comes to you...
I've never seen a father like him.
You wanted to break your engagement.
So he walked barefoot
through the desert to do it.
He doesn't hesitate
when it comes to making you happy.
Forget the Five Clan Alliance
Forget the khan of the desert.
In his eyes.
Only you. his only
daughter. matters to him.
Your happiness and your freedom.
Ata...
Home is still two days walk.
Won't you please put on shoes?
They can't see us anymore.
We broke your engagement.
We must follow the customs of the desert.
The heavens above...
and every single grain
of the dirt under our feet.
bear witness to the gods.
Never mind. I'll just marry Heyi Xuan.
What are you saying?
Now.
I won't give you to a madman.
The suffering I endure.
Is nothing compared to your happiness.
Ata...
Always remember.
You are the only thing I need to protect.
When Xiao Qi grows up.
I'm not sure
if I could be...
as good a father as your father.
Isn't it exhausting
acting so serious all the time?
Aren't you tired already?
Drink!
Cheers.
Auntie!
Those iron flowers are beautiful!
Are you happy Ani?
People yearn for the
simple glow of mortal life.
The crossing is up ahead!
Pick up the pace!
The crossing!
We're there!
We're finally there!
Stop!
By order of the new Khan Heyi Xuan
we are here to arrest Zhishilang!
Step aside!
What are you doing?
They just want me.
Let me go.
Sit down stupid!
Stop causing trouble.
Sir. don't!
Ayuya.
Why are you with these fugitives?
Your Father has agreed to our marriage!
Ayuya.
Our new Khan has brought a gift for you.
Ata...
Dear daughter.
No need to cry.
Always remember.
You are the only thing I need to protect.
Ata!
Beloved. don't be sad.
Your Father got caught
up with bunch of bandits!
But he found his way back.
He gave his own life
To ensure your bright future at my side...
As the wife to the Khan
What a good father.
His head in exchange
for a lifetime of wealth.
Blood debt...
must be paid in blood.
I won't spare any of you.
To think I treated you animals
as my own blood kin!
Kneel and beg for forgiveness!
And I'll give you a swift death.
Take Zhishilang and Ayuya.
The rest can die.
Die!
Who's next!
We're even now.
That one is mine.
Don't meddle.
You're meddling.
And you can't stop me!
That really hurts!
Stop hitting me!
You owe me for that.
I'm going to kill this bitch.
Who are you calling bitch?
Chief Mo.
I will repay everything I owe you
I'll pay it back.
Thank you for helping
me get rid of these idiots.
Now we are the only heirs to the Five Clans
Kiddo
We have to go!
Let me go!
Heyi Xuan!
Put me down!
Put me down! Let go!
Quick!
Get her inside!
Move it!
Hold.
Da Lai.
Xiao Lai.
My sons!
Niuluo!
Wu Lu Lu!
Where is my Mi-er?
Uncles.
It is all my fault.
I couldn't protect them.
But who could have thought...
Those bandits could be so ruthless?
- Get them!
- Avenge my son!
After them!
Father!
Save me!
Mi'er!
Father!
Don't shoot!
Mi-er is in there!
Chase them down!
Catch them! Save my Mi-er!
Mi'er!
Who are those people?
It's Di Ting and Kui Zhi.
Old friends?
Or are they foe?
It's hard to say.
If they are friends
I can't burden them again.
And if they are foe?
Then we're in deep shit.
Great.
Wait what? What do you mean?
Dao Ma! What do we do?
Turn left!
Into the Sandstorm!
What?
Into the Sandstorm?
You crazy? We're going to die! No!
Turn left!
Follow them.
What's the rush?
Let's the storm pass.
Follow Dao Ma.
He'll take us to the child.
Stop.
My Father...
How did he die?
Your Mojia Clan
brought disaster to the Five Clans.
But my dear Xuan was blind to it.
His heart was set on a wench like you.
He is so devoted to you.
If only your father had
given up the outlaw.
And agreed to the marriage.
He'd be alive.
It was him.
Stop talking.
It was your father's own doing.
He insulted Xuan.
Xuan could take no more.
And took his head.
This is it.
The end of the Mojia Clan.
You.
Mojia Clan...
The end.
The Mojia Clan
Will endure.
Ani...
In our next life. we will still be sisters!
Young Miss!
Don't do it Kiddo.
If you do this There is no turning back.
Kiddo!
Ani!
Miss!
Keep after them!
Warriors of the Yuji clan!
Fear neither heaven nor earth!
Sir.
Yuji!
I am Ayuya of the Mojia Clan!
I am the storm!
Protect me!
Stop her!
I knew he is a friend.
Save us!
Save the child!
Dao ma.
I trust you're well.
I've come to claim what's mine!
I take it back...
He doesn't look like he's here to help.
Sir. maybe you shouldn't talk so much.
HEYI XUAN!
Die!
It's been a long time.
Yet your skills haven't improved.
You are stronger than me.
But what good is that now?
Either die
Or give me the child.
Then can we restore the reputation
of the Left Valiant Cavalry.
Why do you laugh?
What reputation?
We were just puppets for the powerful.
You and I have fallen this low...
Yet you still rage against the heavens?
You speak nonsense.
Let me show you...
which one of us is defying the Gods!!
I am following the will of the heavens.
Dao ma when will you come to your senses?
The one still asleep
Is you.
This is the will of the heavens!
Xiao Qi.
Where is Xiao Qi?
Xiao Qi!
Dao Ma!
- Dao Ma
- Xiao Qi. I hear you!
Xiao Qi!
- Dao Ma!
- Xiao Qi!
I'm over here!
Dao Ma!
Xiao Qi!
Did you hurt?
Are you good?
Where's everyone else?
Come on!
Get off me already you weirdo!
See no evil...
Do no evil...
Ayuya?
Auntie Ani was just here.
She said Heyi Xuan is taking Ayuya back
to Mojia Village.
Ani is going to save her.
She took off on horseback.
"Dragon Scale Crossing"
Good sir.
Our journey together...
Ends here.
What do you mean?
You're not taking me to Chang'an?
Chief Mo is dead.
But his wishes remain.
This gold
is worth more than his bounty.
I haven't touched a penny.
From here on out it's a smooth journey.
I'd say... It's a good deal for you.
Why would you think I'd accept?
I believe the Jade-Faced
Ghost is but a man.
And of course
You're also a bounty hunter.
You'll walk into a trap to save Ayuya?
You're already wounded.
It would be a suicide mission.
May I trouble you to look after Xiao Qi.
What does he mean?
Good sir.
If you feel I have treated you well.
Please return the favor
and teach the child some poetry.
Hold on.
They just want me.
I can trade myself for Ayuya.
Don't cause trouble.
If you turn yourself in...
Chief Mo. Chen Shijiu.
They'll have died for nothing.
If I can't even save one life
How can the flowers bloom?
This place no longer belongs to Mojia.
It belongs to Khan Heyi Xuan now!
Hail Khan! Hail Khan! Hail Khan!
Kneel to your Khan!
On your knees!
Uncle...
Chief Mo has been executed.
The situation is settled.
But Heyi Xuan is now killing the innocent.
As Generals of the Great Sui...
Shouldn't we interfere?
Men are born with eyes.
Keeping them open is not a skill.
Knowing when to shut them. however...
Is the tricky part.
Let them run wild.
In a few days this place will be...
Calm and beautiful.
But Uncle...
"Pei Shiju - Vice-Minister
of the Chancellery"
Conflict brings destruction.
The winds are changing.
Don't struggle.
Do you remember?
When I was twelve years old...
my brothers died in the war.
My father was injured
He became bedridden.
I was so afraid.
You gave me these two feathers.
I vow to become the greatest warrior
of this desert.
It was then I decided to marry you.
But my father couldn't see the truth..
That your father has already lost his way.
That treachery would destroy the clans.
Everything I did. I did to protect you!
Don't move.
Let go of her!
Ani!
No don't!
Stop!
Ani!
Heyi Xuan.
Heyi Xuan. Heyi Xuan.
What did you call me?
Khan!
Dao ma...
Has brought Zhishilang.
He wants to see you.
You nervous?
Sir?
I am well.
Dao Ma you actually showed up.
Gutsy.
The empire's most wanted man.
For Ayuya.
How does that trade sound?
Guards!
Kill him now!
Wait!
Anyone moves and I kill him!
All right.
Do it then.
Cut his throat.
And then I kill you!
Everyone knows the
Emperor wants Zhishilang alive
Yet you want me to silence him?
Afraid he might spill your
treasonous little secret?
With so many eyes watching.
if word gets out...
Forget about being Khan
The Heyi Clan will end up
just like the Mojia Clan.
Shut up!
Brothers!
Don't listen to his lies.
I'm not convinced you would kill him.
How do you think I became the
second most wanted fugitive?
No trade. right?
Sir...
There's nothing I can do but...
Wait!
I was confused!
They say Dao Ma loves money
So name your price.
Let me show you how
generous this Khan can be.
I just want the girl.
Ani?
Ani!
Mojia
Is it still standing?
Yes. it is.
No one can destroy it.
Dao Ma.
Thank you for hand-delivering
such a magnificent wedding gift.
Too bad You won't be
around for the wedding!
Time is up.
I must return to my bridal chamber!
Arahant
Show them what you're made of!
Brothers. attack!
It's time.
Give the order.
Advance to Yanzhi Mountain.
There is a battle at Mojia Village
You're withdrawing our army.
Is that right?
You may stay.
You may do as you wish.
But remember.
Behind your armor.
You are just a mortal.
Go!
Forward!
What now?
Run!
A khan does not slaughter the innocent!
General Pei?
It was your uncle
Who supported my rise to Khan
What are you trying to do?
My troops have left for Yanzhi mountain.
I wear no armor.
I am just a civilian.
These women and
children are no threat to you!
Your position's what kept you alive.
Without that. I'm not afraid of you!
Serve your Khan!
Kill him!
What are you waiting for? Kill him!
If you want glory. get in there!
Whoever brings me his head.
will get a hundred gold coins!
Heyi Xuan!
Guards! Help me!
Surround them!
Wululu
Come here.
Come over here.
Your father...
and your sister followed Heyi Xuan
And it sealed their fates.
Look around.
It's time for you to
make your own decisions.
Stop.
Arahant!
Is that all you can do?
Kill Dao Ma!
Don't forget who hired you!
Our master just gave orders.
We're been instructed to withdraw.
Your master?
But I was the one who hired you?
Before we met you
Our employer paid us
To obey your orders
How dare you make a fool out of me?
Don't you know that I'm the new Khan?
And don't you know This new Khan
Was the work of my master?
You mean Pei...
Pei...
Minister Pei?!
What difference would it make
If he were the Lord of Heaven himself?
I am the Khan!
I am the Khan of the Desert!
You dare stand against me?
Stand down!
Fine!
My warriors...
kill them all.
Do it!
Dao Ma.
You really haunt me like a ghost.
It isn't me who haunts you.
It was our brothers who died for you.
Even though the world is vast
Where could men like us go?
Just follow your conscious.
And fear no path.
Act as if I'm already dead.
Leave the child. You can go.
"Right Valiant Cavalry Guard - Bai Ze
Ying Long - Right Valiant Cavalry Guard"
Heroes of the Left Valiant Cavalry.
fighting each other?
Now this is interesting.
My horse is just outside.
Di Ting. how dare you revolt?
Matters of the Left Valiant Cavalry
are of no concern to
the Right Valiant Cavalry.
I can only slow them down. Leave!
Your sister.
bore this child for the
deposed Crown Prince.
When the Emperor took the throne.
he ordered the Left
Guard to end the bloodline.
You saved this child and fled.
In his fury.
the Emperor had the
entire Left Cavalry executed.
Kui Zhi and I were spared only to kill you.
There were rumors the
bastard child still lives.
For the child's death.
the Emperor will pardon me for my treason
I let you go for the
sake of our brotherhood.
I never imagined the price...
Would be the entire Left Cavalry.
These were all your brothers!
Return to Chang'an.
Hand over this little
bastard to the Emperor
And we can restore the
Left Cavalry to its glory
The Emperor is powerful.
A child is no threat to him.
You know better than I do.
Is he an ordinary child?
He is my blood too.
And no one can touch him.
The Left Valiant Calvary is gone.
There is no going back.
Have you lost your mind?
Have you forgotten the Emperor's praise
after we returned victorious from battle?
The officials bowed to us.
Cities feared us!
The Left Valiant Calvary's
glory was unmatched!
I haven't forgotten.
Behind the glory of the Chen campaign...
Were thousands of innocents
who died because of us.
Just like tonight.
The villagers who died tonight.
What are these peasants to you or me?
For the greater good...
We only follow orders.
Follow orders...
Peasants...
What orders?
Are worth human life?
Come back with me.
Answer to the Court.
Answer to our brothers.
And answer to yourself.
I answer to myself. Right now.
You can't defeat me.
Wululu
Ayuya?
Get up.
Can you answer for yourself?
Dao MA!
After I kill you.
I'll take that child.
Brother.
You don't have to run anymore.
And I... Don't have to chase.
Ayuya!
Remember you gave this to me?
This is a family matter.
I will settle it myself.
Ayuya. help!
Five feathers...
A shining...
Crown...
Xiao Qi
What are you doing?
Talking to Ani... and Chief Mo.
Hey kiddo.
Want to see Chang'an?
Ayuya.
Many armies will try to claim this land.
Why don't you join us?
When I become the Queen of the Desert...
I will seek your services.
Move out!
I want to be a swordsman like you!
But my dad wouldn't let me.
Your fate is your own.
Take a blade. Saddle a horse.
When you grow up. go where you please.
Your father would be proud of you.
Hey. you! Come here.
What do you want?
You're free. Yanzi Niang.
Go wherever you please.
What about you?
I've thought it through.
I don't need to be the
world's greatest swordsman.
There is someone in
Chang'an I need to kill.
A man of great power.
Take care.
Let's go.
I'm coming too!
I haven't had enough!
When we get to Chang'an.
Who knows what's waiting for us there.
I don't care what's waiting there.
I'll kill a monk if I have to!
Miles of sand in every direction.
For the sake of the
people I ride to Chang'an
This land belongs to the people!
Let's stir up some real trouble!
A sheathed blade
Must never be drawn lightly
Once drawn. it must see blood.
Nephew.
If we let Zhishilang enter Chang'an
It will surely turn the world upside down.
That's when you must draw your blade.
I do not understand.
Am I also just a pawn to you. Uncle?
In the grand scheme...
Who isn't a pawn in this world?
These two kids...
Have strong kung fu.
"Director Yuen Woo Ping -
《Drunken Master》 《The Tai-Chi Master》"
I wonder who taught them?
"Director Zhang Xinyan -
《The Shaolin Temple》 《Tai Chi Boxer》"
I haven't see moves like
that in the martial world
"Coach Wu Bin The first head
coach of the Beijing Wushu Team"
I haven't see moves like
that in the martial world
in forty years.
The world belongs to the young.
The young.
Guess you're right.
We done yet?
If I can't save one life
how can the flowers bloom?
You wince at the sight of blood.
How can you save anyone?
If I can rescue Ayuya.
then leave the number one fugitive to me.
Deal?
Deal.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-